#summary Release Notes.
#labels Featured

= Asterisk Voicemail for iPhone =
Copyright 2008 Chris Carey (http://chriscarey.com). 
This program is distributed under the terms of the GNU General Public License

== Contact ==
Contact me at *chris.carey @ gmail.com*
or *chris @ chriscarey.com* if you need assistance.

== Development Change Log ==


===2008-03-15 (v0.09 release)===
  * Font and color changes
  * Clean up the about page
  * Fixed MySQL authentication
  * Fixed the security hole!! Now supports streaming mp3 audio to the phone through a PHP page where security checks can be performed. Check the Installation Guide for updated Apache instructions.
  * Reorganize the i_settings.php file. Added g_secret_salt. You will need to grab a copy of the new i_settings.php.dist file and overwrite your own. And, of course, configure the new file.

===2008-03-08 (v0.08 release)===
  * DeleteMessages function was missing. Delete is now working
  * Move Messages is now working
  * Fixed Reindex Messages function

===2008-03-08 (v0.07 release)===
  * Made Message Detail screen look better
  * Made a little more progress on "Move Message" code.

===2008-03-07 (v0.06 release)===
  * After loading the code on my MySQL based server I found some DB bugs.
  * Added a new i_setting for Smarty. Some people have the class file elsewhere.

===2008-03-07 (v0.05 release)===
  * Added Check for Updates
  * Added GUI for "Move Message" support
  * Cleaned up code in index.php and main.php a lot
  * Moved "g_default_prefix" to i_settings.php. You must copy a new i_settings.php.dist for this version

===2008-03-06 (v0.04 release)===
  * Added preliminary support for Settings screen. It will now load name, pass, email from MySQL or voicemail.conf

===2008-03-05 (v0.03 release)===
  * Prepared for posting on Google Code

===2008-03-04 (v0.02 release)===
  * Write preliminary function for voicemail.conf authentication
		
===2008-03-03 (v0.01 release)===
  * Prepare code for release
  * Write stub function for voicemail.conf authentication
				
===2008-02-25===
  * Added "Settings" back, and Added "Move Messages" button. Both of these features are non-functional at this time.
  * Cleaned up date format on Message Detail, and changed it's font size back up to normal
	
===2008-02-24===
  * Added Cookie Support
  * Renamed "Check Messages" to "Messages"
  * Displaying "Saved" messages
  * Added ChangeLog
  * Updated About page with email link
  * Removed "Settings" page until I get it working
  * Allow 7 digit logins, will prepend a default prefix
  * Disabled iPhone's "format detection" for phone numbers
		